# NPC literal strings from Scripts/Mobiles (SendMessage/Say/overhead)
* The bunny begins to dig a tunnel back to its underground lair *
* The creature has been beaten into subjugation! *
*ah!*
*applauds*
*blinks a blue eye*
*blinks a greed eye*
*blinks a red eye*
*blinks a yellow eye*
*blows nose*
*bows*
*burp*
*claps*
*clears throat*
*cough*
*cries*
*farts*
*gasp*
*giggles*
*groans*
*growls*
*hiccup*
*laughs*
*looks furious*
*meditating*
*sigh*
*sniff*
*snore*
*spits*
*sticks out tongue*
*whistles*
*woohoo!*
*yawns*
*yells*
A betrayal will finally happen or he will babble at the coming of destruction.
A contest must not happen after the first frost.
A defeat will not take place in a castle on a journey.
A fight shall take place for the sake of willpower.
A financial difficulty will never take place or the clumsy zombie will finally weep at midnight.
A gate is open nearby. You better hurry or you will remain trapped here.
A meeting must happen with the malicious cook.
A promise will finally take place and it shall not bother during fall in a time of fear.
A relationship ending will finally happen with the tired juggler during the planting season.
A reunion must not occur or the unlucky chimera must fold in the age of temptation.
A reversal of fortune shall not happen and a fall shall not occur in the spring for the sake of lust.
A shard of a universe is a powerful thing.
A small chest has been added to your pack!
A soul has been claimed.
After this, I will buy you some
After this, we will reflect on what we learned.
Ah ha!
Ahh-choo!
Ahhh...
Ahhh...a cut of the treasure. This journey is worth the risk.
Ahhh...bandages can be of great use. I have
Ahhhh!
Aid the nobility that resideth in human heart.
All should fear
All that have come here have perished!
All will know that
Although some speak of virtue, it is the serpents of order who keep the balance.
An Avatar must unlock the Monster Races system before using this.
An agreement must take place with the broken-hearted cleric.
An injury shall happen.
An introduction will finally happen or the seductive viper shall not worship with the fanatical druid during the planting season.
An introduction will not happen and the intelligent champion shall lower on the spring equinox.
An item has appeared in your backpack!
Anh Mi Sah Ko
Another ale over here!
Are you ready to give yourself to me?!
Are you ready to serve me in the depths,
Are your bones cold yet,
Argh!
Arrgghhh...
Arrrggghhh...
Arrrrrgh!
As a reward for slaying the cursed creature, an artifact has been placed in your backpack.
As a reward for slaying the mighty leviathan, an artifact has been placed in your backpack.
As your backpack is full, your reward for slaying cursed creature has been placed at your feet.
Bring light to the world with these, Jedi.
But I am but a mouse, and none hear me.
By Neptunes's might, how...
By Poseidon's wrath, how...
By iceberg's might, how...
By magma's might, how...
By what thunder is this?
Castle Exodus lies in ruins, no one knowing what evil lurks below.
Chuckles gave you a check for
Chuckles gave you one of his hats!
Chuckles gave you one of his suits!
Cinders will be all that is left of you,
Come and find me later when you have a quest for riches.
Curse you,
Death is only a distraction to me!
Defend yourself!
Defensively Dispelled
Did you have too much
Did you not meditate before the coming sun?
Die villian!
Dispel chance increased (Slayer)
Dispel prevented (DispelDifficulty)
Dispel prevented (Failed)
Dispel prevented (Low skill)
Dispel prevented (Magery)
Dispel prevented (Mana)
Dnadona qae gia,
Dnadona qae zaaq esaeun doom!
Do with these what you will, Syth.
Do you feel the power of hell on you?!
Do you think you can beat me?!
Do you think you can best me?!
Do you think you can slay one such as me?!
Done? With what? I am not sure what things you speak of.
En garde!
Enter the amount of gold you wish to withdraw (ESC = CANCEL):
Esaeu lizz gia xes zes soth!
Even pawns have lives and loves at home, my lord.
Evil has been banished.
Eyes open and focus on me
Fame and fortune await!
Feel the cold of glacial ice!
Feel the fires of volcanic might!
Feel the might of the orks!
Feel the power of
Feel the power of my hammer!
Feel the strength of the sea!
Feel the wrath of the storm!
Fell the wrath of my master!
Fellow guardsmen,
Fool! I will take your corpse to the depths!
Fool! You think chaos can be slain to easily?
Fool...I am eternal!
Fool...I cannot kill what is dead?!
Fool...I will rise again!
Fool...you can never bring me to the light!
Fool...you can never destroy me!
Fool...you cannot survive the flames!
Foolish mortal!
Foolish mortal! You cannot defeat me!
Give the innkeeper
Give up! We do not fear
Good day to you,
Good,
Good, more treasure for me.
Grarrgh...
Gri Gril Gestroy Groo!
Groo Gran Grever Gregreat Gre!
Groo Grar Gro Gratch Gror Gre!
Groo Grite Grood!
Grour Grones Gril Gray Grin Gry Grwamp!
Guards,
Have
He must not weary.
He shall fence with the black countess near a portal.
He shall not assimilate with the proud youth.
Hell will not be able to hold me...
Hello,
Here is a note citizen. Be on the lookout.
Here is your replacement ring.
Hey!
Hmmm...maybe show me that you could handle such tasks first.
Hmmm...you do not seem the type I wish to discuss matters with.
How did the girl dragon win the beauty contest? She was the beast of the show!
How did the prince get into the castle when the drawbridge was broken? He used a rowmoat!
How do you find a princess? You follow the foot prince.
How...can...this...be...
How...did...you...
Huh?
I am a monster, cut off from all the world!
I am fearless, and therefore powerful!
I am ready for adventure.
I assume they done you harm. Let me rid you of this thing.
I can feel the darkness filling you!
I can smell the blood from your wounds!
I can smell your burning flesh!
I cannot accept so large a tip!
I could beat you if I were three sheets to the wind!
I could use these bandages. I have
I failed you my master...
I feel this quest is a dead end and may leave soon.
I fought scallywags better than you!
I have
I have been waiting here too long.
I have brought justice to others more vile than you,
I have changed the cover of your book.
I have converted others stonger than you,
I have defeated foes larger than you!
I have destroyed armies of things like you!
I have no business with you.
I have nothing for you at the moment. Check back in
I have rebound your book.
I have slain others better than you,
I have slain those mightier than you,
I have slain those more powerful than you!
I hope the blood of the sea drowns you!
I hope the curses of hell fill your soul!
I lizz raeq chq esaeu xaed za!
I look forward to torturing your soul,
I sense a spirt of an animal...somewhere.
I sentence you to death!
I smash you to pulp!
I think I will head back to town and get a drink.
I unleash the storms on you!
I will become your new god,
I will break a spirit such as yours!
I will bring you justice!
I will come for you,
I will crush you into the dirt!
I will drag your corpse into the sea!
I will drain every breath of life from you!
I will freeze your blood and shatter your soul!
I will have a place for the bones of
I will have to leave soon if we don't find some treasure.
I will have your soul one day,
I will leave soon if we don't find treasure.
I will leave your corpse as ashes!
I will return...
I will send you to hell!
I will smash you into dirt!
I will splice the mainbrace over your corpse!
I will summon your gore to crawl these halls!
I will swallow you whole,
I will take you from the light!
I will tell all on how I crushed
I will use your corpse to feed my minions!
I will vanquish your existence from all time!
I witnessed them all from my tiny mousehole.
I'll pass on the message.
I'll say that to anyone who gives me a good tip.
I've had worse!
I...am...no...more...
I...uh...uhhhhh...
I...will...dispatch...of...you!
If you hear of any rumors of gold, come and get me.
If you hear stories of riches, come and get me.
In Vas Mani
Invalid character selection detected.
Is that all you got?
It is your turn!
It will finally benefit in the citadel in the age of dreams.
It will judge in the summer.
It will never pray with the shy zealot.
It would not be fair of me to take your money and not offer you information in return.
Kneel before me you puny creature!
Leave this place!
Let me fix that quiver for you.
Let the mountain fires take you,
Let the shadows take you,
Let this be your final battle!
Look into my eyes,
Look into my eyes...
Make sure this skill is marked to raise. If you are near the skill cap you may need to lose some points in another skill first.
Many have come here and all have perished!
Many have died trying to take what is mine!
May monsters fear our hardy band.
Maybe one day the Stranger will achieve Avatarhood.
Maybe you should flee before it is too late!
Me cannot lose!
Me curse you...
Me hit, you die!
Me make soup with your
Me no feel good!
Me see you living no longer!
Me will be eating your
Me will be feasting on your bones soon!
Mondain's legacy is forever extinguished.
Move like
My blade is eager to sever your head!
My cold heart will come for you,
My diligence will be your ultimate doom!
My foot will be the last thing you see!
My magic is eternal!
My magic will decimate you!
My power is eternal!
My tummy hurts...
My...might...outweighs...yours!
No one desecrates the temple of the bomb!
No one does that and lives!
No one has faced a syth and lived!
No one will find the bones of
No pray, no pay. Your riches will be mine!
No!
No! It is your soul I will take!
No! The power of the wind will blow you away!
No,
No, how can this be?!
No, it cannot be...
No...
No...!
No...How can this be?!
No...I am eternal!
No...I cannot return to hell!
No...I will not be vanquished!
No...how can...
No...this cannot be how it ends!
No...this cannot be the end!
No...you cannot do this!
No...you cannot have light without dark!
No...you will never get the ore!
Nooo...
Not enough to bring me down!
Oft have I wished that stranger would return.
Oh!
Oil almost covered one of your protected items!
One day the Stranger will return to Sosaria.
One day you will be taken by the sea,
One of your items has been turned to stone!
One of your items is covered in oil!
One of your items is covered in sewage!
One of your items is covered in slime!
One of your items is covered in viscera!
One of your items is wrapped in weeds!
One of your items was carried into the wind!
One of your protected items was almost carried by the wind!
One of your protected items was almost wrapped in weeds!
Only a grandmaster in necromancy and magery may ride this evil being.
Only a grandmaster in necromancy may ride this undead steed.
Only apprentice mages, elementalists, or necromancers may summon these familiars.
Only grandmaster death knights may ride this evil steed.
Only grandmaster knights may ride this holy steed.
Only grandmaster warriors may ride this warhorse.
Oooh.
Oops!
Peace has finally found me...
Please enter a new name for this grave stone.
Please,
Prepare to die fool!
Rae...sael yor yiz xa?
Rise my friend. I wish I could save every unfortunate animal.
Say what news you would like me to tell our guests.
Say what you want me to tell guests when they give me a good tip.
Sewage almost covered one of your protected items!
She is too far away from you.
She must not consent in the age of entropy.
She shall not ascend after sunset.
She shall weld or he will finally crush during the growing season.
She will ensure in the citadel.
She will finally famish and a recovery will not happen near a well during a rainstorm.
She will finally gutter in a market before it is too late.
She will finally intrude.
Shhh!
Single click on it to enchant it.
Slime almost covered one of your protected items!
So,
Some day your blood will fill these halls,
Sorry,
Sorry, but I am tired and cannot heal you now.
Sorry, but there is not enough reward on this journey for me.
Squeak
Squeak!
Submit, and I will make it quick!
Suddenly the shutters blew open and Lord British fell to the ground, one hand shielding his eyes.
Take this, and be enlightened.
Take your steed and fill the world with dread.
Taste my wrath and my blade!
Thank you,
Thank you. You can now try to rent a room.
That skill cannot be taught. You must learn it yourself!
The Bell of Courage has vanished after dispatching the Shadowlord.
The Book of Truth has vanished after dispatching the Shadowlord.
The Candle of Love has vanished after dispatching the Shadowlord.
The GorgonRiding almost turned one of your protected items to stone!
The Lantern of Discipline has vanished after dispatching the Chaos Bane.
The Orb of Logic has vanished after dispatching the Chaos Bane.
The Scales of Ethicality have vanished after dispatching the Chaos Bane.
The Stranger has saved Sosaria from Exodus.
The Syth will be the last thing you see,
The arrogant rogue must not comply with the indigo robber at the coming of joy.
The balron almost rusted one of your protected items!
The balron rusted one of your equipped items!
The basilisk almost turned one of your protected items to stone!
The broken-hearted grandmother will act or he shall not meander.
The card vanishes from your hand as you magically appear elsewhere.
The clever hamster will trespass with the saffron youth in a castle when the first flowers bloom.
The corruption of your armor has worn off
The creature is sucking the soul out of you!
The creature sucks some blood from you!
The curse has been lifted from the
The curse has been lifted from the books.
The daemon almost rusted one of your protected items!
The daemon rusted one of your equipped items!
The deluded pony will not forget in a graveyard on a windy day for the sake of alchemy.
The diamond possum shall not deflect near a fortress on a sunny day before the coming of beauty.
The dragon almost rusted one of your protected items!
The dragon changed its bone structure.
The dragon rusted one of your equipped items!
The emerald lion will never scare for the sake of winter.
The fanatical wizard shall not wax near a holy site in the afternoon at the coming of luck.
The fearless trader shall not look with the violet druid.
The frost of death will find you!
The golem almost rusted one of your protected items!
The golem rusted one of your equipped items!
The grave stone has been changed.
The greedy artist shall lace and the garnet general must not compose.
The hasty hostler must jump.
The honest runaway will succumb with the hungry hare before the coming of lust.
The item has been cleaned.
The lamprey sucks some blood from you!
The lavender summoner will crush in a time of truth.
The lazy juggler will finally enquire and a loss shall not occur.
The leech sucks some blood from you!
The mask of death has vanished.
The medusa almost turned one of your protected items to stone!
The mummy ruined your bandages!
The music is hypnotic, making you remove your worn items.
The oil covers you and magically ignites!
The orange donkey shall not gutter at the bridge.
The order was Love, Sol, Moon, and Death.
The parchment crumbles to dust.
The pet may not be transfered to you because it has recently been in combat.
The pet may not be transferred to you because it has recently been in combat.
The remorseless muse will fraternize at the bridge.
The risk is not worth the little reward I am getting.
The rune doesn't seem to budge.
The russet berserker must gasp or the remorseless slave must not bicker with the triumphant lion near a farm on the spring equinox.
The strings of time show the Guardian is coming.
The timeline has been restored, after the wrath of Minax.
The weeds have been removed.
The word to the dark mage depths is 'bravoka'.
The worm sucks some blood from you!
The xorn ate some of your gold!
There are many castles in the world, but who is strong enough to move one? Any chess player
There is not enough reward in this for me.
They are dead and you must hire a healer to resurrect them.
They will not weave near an altar.
This crystal ball seems to be out of charges.
This is a statue of Tarjan, who lies dead nearby.
This is good practice
This is not a graveyard! Bury them somewhere else!
This is not some slave you can take control of.
This is not some slave you can trade.
This is not your crystal ball!
This is not your pack animal!
This isn't implemented for elves yet.  Sorry!
This lack of treasure is not what I came along for.
This must be in your backpack to identify.
This must be in your backpack to open.
This seems like a bunch of scribbles.
This spell must be in your backpack to use.
This statue seems to be missing an eye.
This statue still has the eye you placed in it.
This will be your final battle,
This will be your final fight!
Time to die!
Tis but a scratch!
To be whole again, I must destroy you!
Viscera almost covered one of your protected items!
Wax covers your mouth...so it is hard to breath!
We have been told to watch for
We have been told to watch for you,
We have ways of dealing with the likes of
We must bring the shards into harmony, so that they resonate in such a manner that matches the original universe.
What are we looking for? It is obviously not treasure.
What did the dragon say when it saw the Knight? 'Not more tinned food!'
What did the fish say to the other when the horse fell in the moat? See horse!
What did the toad say when the princess would not kiss him? Warts the matter with you?
What do you call a cat that flies over the castle wall? A cat-a-pult!
What do you call a mosquito in a tin suit? A bite in shining armor.
What do you call an angry princess just awakened from a long sleep? Slapping beauty!
What do you call the young royal who keeps falling down? Prince Harming!
What do you do with a green dragon? Wait until it ripens!
What dungeon do we dare explore?
What game do the fish play in the moat? Trout or dare!
What is this madness?!
What keyword should a guest say to me to get this news?
What king was famous because he spent so many nights at his Round Table writing books? King Author!
What was Camelot famous for? It's knight life!
When a knight in armor was killed in battle, what sign did they put on his grave? Rust in peace!
Where are we off to?
Where did you learn to fight like that
Where did you study to fight like that
Who invented King Arthur's round table? Sir Cumference!
Why did Arthur have a round table? So no one could corner him!
Why did the dinosaur live longer than the dragon? Because it didnt smoke!
Why did the dinosaur live longer than the dragon? Because it didn’t smoke!
Why did the king go to the dentist? To get his teeth crowned.
Why did the knight run about shouting for a tin opener? He had a bee in his suit of armor!
Why were the early days called the dark ages? Because there were so many knights!
Woohoo!
Xtee Mee Glau
Yea!
Yet sometimes one must sacrifice a pawn to save a king.
Yield to me!
You
You absord the Titan's power into the Breath of Air.
You absord the Titan's power into the Heart of Earth.
You absord the Titan's power into the Tear of the Seas.
You absord the Titan's power into the Tongue of Flame.
You already have a familiar.
You already have a pack animal.
You already have enough henchman in your group.
You already have the onyx key. Use it to enter Mangar's tower.
You already have too many in your group.
You already have your orders. Return to me when you are done with the task.
You are confused from umber hulk's stare!
You are currently using
You are hit by a manticore thorn!
You are hit by the force of the beast!
You are hit by the force of the mighty roar!
You are hit with a stunning punch!
You are hypnotized by the worm's gaze!
You are no match for me!
You are no match for my magic!
You are no match for the gods of the sea!
You are nothing but an insect to me!
You are paralyzed from the poisonous bite!
You are paralyzed!
You are petrified from the Gorgon breath!
You are petrified with fear from the mighty roar!
You are petrified!
You are struck with the eel's electricity!
You are struck with the storm's lightning!
You can only call your henchman from a home, inn, or tavern.
You cannot buy this item right now.  Please wait one minute and try again.
You cannot crush me puny one!
You cannot defeat the power of gods...
You cannot give away a familiar.
You cannot give away a golem.
You cannot give away a mystical pack animal.
You cannot give away a reanimation.
You cannot give away an elemental.
You cannot mount that while you are in here.
You cannot mount that while you are in this place.
You cannot price items above 100,000,000 gold.  The price has been adjusted.
You cannot ride a mount in your current form.
You cannot stop the destruction I will soon unleash!
You cannot take another wizard's elemental.
You cannot take another wizard's familiar.
You cannot take another's golem.
You cannot take another's mystical pack animal.
You cannot take another's reanimation.
You carve away some wood and they are on the corpse.
You charm the snake. Select a target to attack.
You chip away some metal and it is on the corpse.
You chip away some stones and they are on the corpse.
You chisel away some granite and it is on the corpse.
You choke from the thrown mud!
You cut away some bones and they are on the corpse.
You cut away some furs and they are on the corpse.
You cut away some leather and they are on the corpse.
You cut away some scales and they are on the corpse.
You cut away some skins and they are on the corpse.
You dare face my glacial power?!
You dare face the power of the sea?!
You dare invade my lair?!
You do not have enough gold.
You feel the blood drain from you!
You feel the blood draining from you!
You feel the life drain out of you!
You feel your muscles regain control.
You feel your soul draining!
You find nothing of interest.
You found a blackened key with a symbol of a sword on it.
You found a book and put it in your pack.
You found a key with a symbol of a unicorn on it.
You found a mysterious eye and a key with a dragon symbol on it.
You found the rusty key that was around the gray dragon's neck.
You have been disrupted while attempting to summon your mount!
You have been given your holy symbol and prayer book.
You have been knocked senseless!
You have been paralyzed by a necrotic claw!
You have been poisoned!
You have been sent to the
You have been sliced by a saw!
You have been stunned by a colossal blow!
You have been stunned by a devastating blow!
You have gained a really large amount of fame.
You have improved
You have not seen the last of me,
You have obtained Satan's Orb of the Abyss!
You have obtained the Blackrock Serpent of Balance!
You have obtained the Blackrock Serpent of Chaos!
You have obtained the Blackrock Serpent of Order!
You have obtained the Shard of Cowardice!
You have obtained the Shard of Falsehood!
You have obtained the Shard of Hatred!
You have pulled Arachnar's Vault toward you.
You have pulled Mangar's Vault toward you.
You have pulled Surtaz's Vault toward you.
You have pulled Vordinax's Vault toward you.
You have pulled Vulcrum's Vault toward you.
You have pulled Xurtzar's Vault toward you.
You have resigned from the local guild.
You have subdued the Serpent of Chaos!
You have subdued the Serpent of Order!
You have yet to learn the secrets of riding draconic creatures.
You hear jarring music, suppressing your abilities.
You landlubber, prepare to die!
You learned Vordo's secrets to escaping this place.
You leave our land now!
You look as though you have some wounds.
You look like you need soe healing dark one.
You magically resist the affects of the song.
You may have won this day,
You may not ride this creature.
You may not transfer a pet that has recently been in combat.
You need to be near a druid or animal handler to call this pack animal!
You need to learn to parry
You no match for me!
You place the mysterious eye into the statue.
You promised riches, but I fear there is none.
You puny
You recover your senses.
You remove the giant's fresh brain.
You said there were riches, but I don't see it.
You scurvy dog, do you think you can best me?!
You separate the boards into your backpack
You separate the food into your backpack
You separate the ingots into your backpack
You separate the leather into your backpack
You separate the logs into your backpack
You separate the meat into your backpack
You separate the ore into your backpack
You separate the potions into your backpack
You separate the reagents into your backpack
You sever apart the giant's torso.
You sever off the giant's head.
You sever off the giant's left arm.
You sever off the giant's left leg.
You sever off the giant's right arm.
You sever off the giant's right leg.
You should be honored to be slain by me!
You should have fled but it is too late!
You should have fled this land long ago!
You should leave before I crush you!
You think I have not faced mortals like you?!
You think you can defeat me?!
You weak, me strong!
You will be dead by me hand!
You will have to be better than that
You will have to do better than that
You will have to do better than that!
You will kneel before the Syth!
You will kneel before the bomb!
You will make great feast for us!
You will make me an excellent meal!
You will make me young again,
You will need to be more graceful than that
You will need to be quicker than that
You will never find the caddellite!
You will never gain entry to my vault!
You will never have the secrets of the ore!
You will never leave this place alive!
You will pay for your crimes!
You will soon be nothing but ashes!
You will soon be one with the glow!
You will soon become shark bait!
You will soon will rot below the waves!
You will submit to my dark power!
You'll pay for that!
You...dare...fight...me?!
You...fight...good...
You...will...die...in...this...fight!
Your blood smells sweet!
Your blood will decorate these walls!
Your character will be recreated and you will be disconnected shortly...
Your corpse will rise and serve me,
Your deeds do not grant you a gift of tribute.
Your evil will be vanquished!
Your friend {0}'s pet {1} has died!
Your frozen corpse will decorate my halls!
Your head will look good on the block!
Your henchmen have been resurrected.
Your life ends here!
Your life ends here,
Your life only feeds my own!
Your life will end in darkness,
Your mount has moved to your pack.
Your mount is safely waiting for you elsewhere.
Your mount senses you are in danger and aids you with magic.
Your pack animal needs to be tended to by a druid guildmaster.
Your pet has decreased in level!
Your pet has gained {0} trait{1}!
Your pet is now level {0}.
Your pet trusts you implicitly. It will be easier to control now.
Your pet {0} has died!
Your pet {0} has gained {1} experience!
Your pet {0} has lost {1} experience!
Your riches will soon be mine!
Your soul will be mine!
Your soul will be mine,
Your soul will make an excellent meal!
Your soul will serve me well!
Your soul will soon be encased in ice!
Your soul will soon be one with the deep!
Your treasure will help fill my vault!
Your weapon cannot penetrate the creature's magical barrier
Your weapon is less effective with the creature's magical barrier up!
Zae zes hima ends sabbia!
{0} the vendor cannot be harmed.
{0} {1} cannot be harmed.